Added hasImage for both user and org. Also added adminDeleteEnabled to orgs (#408)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/organization/organization.mdx

| `slug` | `string \| null` | The organization slug. If supplied, it must be unique for the instance. |
| `logoUrl` | `string \| null` | The full URL for the organization logo. (deprecated in favor of `imageUrl`) |
| `imageUrl` | `string` | Holds the organization logo or default logo. |

> | `hasImage` | `boolean` | A getter boolean to check if the organization has a uploaded image. `false` if Clerk is displaying an avatar for the organization. |

Reviewer: I think this prop comes up other times in the docs, we should update those instances to use this description as well.

```suggestion
| `hasImage` | `boolean` | A getter boolean to check if the organization has a uploaded image. Returns `false` if Clerk is displaying an avatar for the organization. |
```

> | `hasImage` | `boolean` | A getter boolean to check if the organization has a uploaded image. Returns `false` if Clerk is displaying an avatar for the organization. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hasImage` | `boolean` | A getter boolean to check if the user has uploaded an image or one was copied from OAuth. Returns `false` if Clerk is displaying an avatar for the user. |
```

Author: This is not the user -- this is the organization. The 'an' is a correct edit, but this hasImage refers to the organization's image and not the user.

Reviewer: oh good point, I was sifting through too quickly - thank you for catching that!
